PURPOSE

The goal of the Tamagotchi device is to nurture an egg into an adult
Tamagotchi by regularly attending to its needs like feeding and care.
The outcome of the Tamagotchi's growth depends on the owner's
responsibility and attentiveness. So with my app you take care of a
golden retriever and you nature it daily like you would a real pet. It
may seem like it's nothing but in time you will grow to care for the pet
it will become your digital best friend and bring you joy which I'd the
ultimate goal, happiness

DESIGN CONSIDARATIONS

The name of my is My Pet Lilo

<img src="media/image1.png" style="width:2.5in;height:2.71875in" />

As you can see the cute dog is Lilo,you'll be taking care of Lilo as you
would a real life pet that means you will feed clean and play with it

<img src="media/image2.png" style="width:3.13333in;height:5.54167in" />

As the app’s market is children the colours and the pictures I have
picked are appropriate for children of all ages. My design is easy to
follow as you can see it’s a cute dog that catches the eye and brings
joy to a child’s face and there is a get started button which is also
clear and easy to see

<img src="media/image3.png" style="width:3.1in;height:5.475in" />

<img src="media/image4.png" style="width:1.55208in;height:2.4375in" />

When the user clicks the “ feed” button this picture of Lilo eating will
pop up and a score will appear on the “ hunger “ tab if “ No” appears
that means that the dog has eaten if “yes “ appears that means Lilo is
hungry

<img src="media/image5.png" style="width:2.53333in;height:1.89375in" />

When the user clicks “ Play “ button a picture of Lilo playing will
appear and Lilo’s happiness depends on him playing that will be
displayed on the “ happy’’ tab. If it is “ No “ then that means Lilo has
not played and he is unhappy and if “ Yes “ appears that means Lilo is
happy YAY

<img src="media/image6.png" style="width:3.16667in;height:2.44028in" />

When user clicks the “ Clean “ buttons a picture of Lilo being washed
will appear and on the “Clean “tab it will either show “Yes” for when
Lilo is clean and has been washed and “No” for when Lilo is dirty and
needs a shower

As you can see the “ get started” button is clear with a vibrant purple
colour, after clicking the get started button it will direct you to a
page where there's a picture of Lilo and three buttons Clean, Feed and
Play. And under those buttons there.

The font is clear and visible the main reason why I used a purple
background is so I can use a white text colour so it can be as visible
as possible.

The button layout is easy to use, the get started button is at the lower
middle which is convenient for people who use their thumbs to navigate
which majority of people do and also the other three buttons are lower
so it's easy for the thumbs to reach so it doesn't strain their fingers.

The reason I chose a picture of a golden retriever is because a golden
retriever is the perfect pet the true definition of man’s best friend,
very energetic and an all-round happy and pleasant dog bread and also as
a child I wanted one. So, children who really want a pet like I did can
have a pet a digital best friend.
